Move initial values to IANA section (#82)
cose-wg/draft-ietf-cose-merkle-tree-proofs: draft-ietf-cose-merkle-tree-proofs.md

Similar to [COSE Key Types](https://www.iana.org/assignments/cose/cose.xhtml#key-type), different verifiable data structures support different algorithms.

This document establishes a registry of verifiable data structure algorithms, see {{verifiable-data-structure-registry}} for details.

## Proofs {#sec-cose-verifiable-data-structure-proofs}

Similar to [COSE Key Type Parameters](https://www.iana.org/assignments/cose/cose.xhtml#key-type-parameters), as EC2 keys (1: 2) keys require and give meaning to specific parameters, such as -1 (crv), -2 (x), -3 (y), -4 (d), RFC9162_SHA256 (TBD_1 (requested assignment 395) : 1) supports both (-1) inclusion and (-2) consistency proofs.

> This document establishes a registry of verifiable data structure algorithms, see {{verifiable-data-structure-proofs-registry}} for details.

Author: ```suggestion
This document establishes a registry of verifiable data structure algorithm proof types, see {{verifiable-data-structure-proofs-registry}} for details.
```
